great
"My  husband wanted to reading about the Negro Baseball and this a great addition to his library
 Our library doesn't haveinformation so this book is his start. Tthank you"
"This book was very informative, covering all aspects of game."
"I am already a baseball fan and knew a bit about the Negro leagues, but I learned a lot more reading this book."
"This was a good story of the Black leagues. I bought the book to teach in my high school reading class. I found it very informative and exciting. I would recommend to anyone interested in the history of the black leagues. It is well written, unlike a book of facts. The McKissack's continue to write good books for young audiences that can also be enjoyed by adults!"
"Today I gave a book about the Negro Leagues of Baseball to a traveling friend. Its a book I've read more than once and felt that my friend would truly enjoy. It felt like giving a gift that you wanted to keep for yourself. I parted with the book knowing that my friend would enjoy reading it on his journey back east. Before giving him the book I spent about thirty minutes flipping through its pages and saying goodbye to some of the stories in it. I know I'll come across the book again, but for me, parting with books is like wishing a friend well on a journey, just as this friend of mine was journeying. Its great to send a visiting friend off with a friendly gift.

Well, in leafing through the book's pages I came across a few paragraphs I wanted to retain as a memory of my friend the book. Here below are the book and the lines from it that show in words what the negro baseball players faced every day of their lives; a color barrier that prevented them from gaining national sports recognition as professionals of the game they loved so much, baseball. Though Negro men had proven themselves heroic, capable of soldiering bravely in foreign battles of World War II, America was still treating them as second class citizens or less here at home. Major League Baseball would lead the nation in recovering from its racial prejudicial past. The nation today, even with a Black President, is still playing catch up.

excerpt from Black Diamond:  ""Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, and that is the pigmentation of their skin."" Shirley Povich washington post"
"The story of race relations in American history is one of lost opportunity.  This concise history of the Negro Baseball Leagues for young adult readers illustrates this basic point.  The book discusses the names, dates, and circumstances of the major figures and events of the flip side of American baseball history. Legendary names such as Josh Gibson, ""Cool Papa"" Bell, and Satchel Page are just a few of the remarkable players who made important contributions to the game.  Among others, they played for teams with names such as The Homestead Grays, The St. Louis Stars, and The Kansas City Monarchs.  The book also tells the story of owners and managers, such names as Negro National League founder Rube Foster and the tough as nails woman owner of the Newark Eagles, Effa Manley spring to mind.  The book also briefly explains how the infamous Jim Crow tradition brought about the Negro Baseball saga.  In 1947, major league baseball was sucessfully integrated and that spelled the doom of the Negro Baseball leagues.  The text includes an ample number of photographs.  To assist younger readers, and for easy reference purposes, a player profile and time line section is provided at the back of the book.  Underlying the historical text, there is the theme that segregated baseball mirrored the nagging problem of racism in America.  A sense of fair play and even-handed justice demands that talent, skill, and just plain style should be celebrated, regardless of race.  To do otherwise cheats everybody of a rewarding experience.  Imagine if the great players of the Negro Baseball Leagues had the chance to play (with or against) the great players of the major leagues.  Consider the void created by lost opportunity.  ;-)"
I didn't like this product it smudged all under my eyes throughly the day
I simply love the product. I appreciate print feed back regarding my order
"it burns your eyes when u put it on  and very light so u have to keep going back n forth a lot to get the dark eyeliner color.
also it smudges lot. waste of money."
"smaller versions, not full size as shown in pics"
great eye liner.  good seller
"purchased for vending resale at bellydance weekend workshop. Nice quality, love the compact packaging, ingredient details are a bit sketchy but i haven't gone blind yet"
I love it and it arrived on time
Really nice eyeliner!
It goes on very easily and makes my eyes look Bold and Beautiful
Letz talk about DRAMA!!
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!! The movie was breathtaking and this book really shows you the behind-the-scenes work that was needed to make the gorgeous film. A must buy for any lover of the film or art in general."
Very good!
"Gorgeous insights on the making of this movie abound, though I must confess some disappointment at how little we see of two things: Story insights, and Aisling. I'm a little accustomed to getting a mix of art and emotion in my Art Of books, and this book feels like it focuses entirely on the art and leaves the story behind. I also would've liked to see more than one or two pages of Aisling illustrations.

That said, it's pretty much exactly how it's billed, and it's a really pretty (and really big) book that definitely showcases how gorgeous the movie was. If you want art, you get art."
"Beautifully written and produced.  Even if you haven't seen the movie, it is a lovely book to page through.  You can study the art in detail and it also shows how a diverse group of  artists' worked together to create something unique and memorable that came out of one person's vision."
"A beautiful book and a comprehensive one at that too! While some art books end up focusing on one aspect of it's respective movie, 'Desiging the Secret of Kells' explores not only how the creators painstakingly captured its beautiful art style, but also looks into character design, production process, story boarding and writing, and  much more. From the caption and footnotes in the book tells how much the creators are passionate about and love this masterpiece. Just flipping through this book was a joy. You have to read it to believe it. :>"
"I have waited and waited for this book and I finally got it. Not only did I get it, it was also signed as well as a pencil sketch done by the Producer and Creator. As I write this I am attending the 2014 San Diego Comic Con. I was so stoked. Anyway, the book not just discusses the film but is very transparent in detailing the process. Even down to giving the color codes of the characters like their eye lash color. Very cool and detailed. If you get your hands on one get it. This will be one that the resale value will remain solid. That's if you'd want to give up this classic gem."
"The product was cute and easy to use.  It arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  We used the wall decals on the window, wall and mirror.  Thank you"
"Fun had by all.  Game night just got better.  Bingo with a twist, can be played for fun or friendly wager."
"You will love this card.  I'm going to use for Get Well, Birthdays... or Thank You's... or even to add on a gift.  I'll be ordering more for sure.  Very special cards everyone will like."
"Robert Sabuda's cards are always magical and this one could be a ""smile in an envelope"".  I send these as get well cards, and they never fail to get the most enthusiastic responses-- the last person I sent one to said, this is like getting a ""smile in an envelope"" -- Thanks for carrying these wonderful cards.  They will brighten any gloomy day and cheer up even the grumpiest patients!"
I thought the previous reviewers were exaggerating a bit about the size of this charm but they were not.  It is literally the size of my phone.  It is a very nice charm though and it looks nice hanging out of my front pocket.  The metal cloud charm somehow fell off and is lost forever but I still have the rubbery one on my phone and its a nice thing to hold your phone with so overall I'm happy with this purchase and Naruto fans comment on it all the time =]
"Item was bought as a Christmas gift.  This is the fourth in the series that I have bought for the person.
She loves Thomas Kinkade.  Will probably buy the others in this series if still available next year."
This works great! A must for your pets and yourself when enjoying nature. Ticks are especially bad this year where I live and it has proven to be a wonderful addition to my outdoor gear.
"This Cell Phone Charm is way bigger than In the picture, which comes in handy when I'm walking around With my Cell Phone at Work."
"This product is great!! I nvr thought it would be as big as i thought but its just the right size for any type of phone.
Its material is good so as it design

I recommend getting 1 of these if ur a true naruto ship fan :D"
Wonderful stand for my brush and razor. Much better than just setting my razor and brush down on the bathroom sick. If you are thinking about getting it just do it. It is worth it.
I bought this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it thanks for a great product
"Looks nice,well made, hope to have it for many years."
It's classy as all get out.
Nice stand.  Well polished.  Holds razor and brush very well
The brush side was too small for my brush. But I bent it just a little and it fits fine now.
"Solid construction, good fit and finish.  The razor side just fits my razor."
"Wonderful. Great price, solid built, esthetically appealing and mostly practical. Highly recommended!!!"
"Holder is wobbly and cannot be screwed unless you wish to remove the bottom padding that holds the razor/brush stand.

Look around for a better stand where you can easily tighten the screws when it loosens."
It keeps my razor and shaving brush off of the counter.  The stand weighs enough that it isn't easily toppled over or pushed around.
"Very nice, would recommend that you purchase the perfecto shaving brush.  It fits perfect, my old brush did not"
Solid base for both brush and razor.
"Elegant design, well crafted and extremely functional.  It's beautiful enough to leave out on a bathroom vanity.  Very pleased."
Does not fit brush handle and razor slips easily off center.
Works great.
The grip is very nice.
Built well and nice finish. Only fits smaller handle brushes.
Great product. Well made and stable. Provides my brush a great place to dry properly. Stylish appearance as well.
Exactly as described.
was a gift and loves it!
"Very stable, good weight, doesnt slip or tip on a crowded sink. Does just what I wanted."
Product is as described. It was sturdy right out of the box. My razor and brush fit perfectly on the stand. The finish looks really high end and matches my razor and brush set.
The stand is well made looks great. Highly recommend this product.
"Ordered this stand and came in on time for two day shipping. Perfectly matches the razor that I have (Rockwell 6c White Chrome) and the Escali brush that I ordered also perfectly fits. Amazing stand, works perfectly."
"Simple and classy. Functional and small enough to fit on a very small counter like ours. My husband was happy and I am too. It shines well. Overall, good purchase."
Very sturdy construction. Heavy on the base. It doesnt rock around on the counter top. Very well chromed . Seems like it should last a long time.
Got my cuckoo clock running again.
"So far, so good.  We'll see how it looks in a couple of years."
Just what i wanted. P
"The stand is solid and really well-made, I think it suits all the common razors and brushes. It's a really useful thing, a good choice to organize your space in the bathroom."
Nice quality
"There were other stands that were more expensive, but the polished look of this is super nice. Also, its very sturdy and holds everything, no problem."
"It is sturdy and balanced well.  The bracket for the shaver doesn't as easily accommodate razors with wider handles (when I put my razor in, it turns instead of facing in)."
"Holds a Merkur 34C Long Handle Razor well.  Holds an Omega/Proraso Pro 48 at the comb (where bristles join handle) of the brush.  I prefer, however, a brush to be held far above the comb near the end of the brush handle.  (Most pictures of brush stands show them holding the brush at the comb, but I think that looks weird and top-heavy.  Call me weird, then.)  The arms are too narrow for the Omega.  I have a tool for opening / closing links of chain and I used it, but the result was a very wide V shape and I didn't want to put the somewhat fragile plastic handle in position while I used the tool to squeeze the V shape into more of a C shape.  So I put it back into its original shape.  Ill save as its a very good stand, and if I get a brush that will work the way I want to suspend the brush, I certainly will use this.
want to"
I like this because it did fit my razor and brush but it comes loose pretty quickly just use a screwdriver and you'll be golden. Does look nice on the bathroom counter.
Very well made and has worked well for these past two years with no issues.
It rusts.
"Good quality, I just wish the shaving brush we bought would have fit it.  But it's very nice and makes the bathroom look a lot less cluttered and cleaner."
"Great product, very stable and looks great."
Looks and feels great.  NOTE: a bit small for my Semogue 2000 brush......  might be a good idea to buy this at the same time as the brush so you know they fit together.
Holds you stuff like it should
Boyfriend loves!
"Great looks, and keeps the razor away from any germs. It gives the bathroom a classier look. I really like it."
Nice stand. Very sturdy and balanced. Looks nice too.
thought it was going to be a big stand but was glad it was very small but not too small for it not to accommodate the razorock plissoft brush and my edwin jagger 89 razor and it fits nicely in a small medicine cabinet. the build quality is excellent. Not sure if its stainless steel but feels and look really solid and top class . only problem is it doesnt fit my brush handle but its not an issue as it fits below the brush handle. the base also has a type of velvet material in the bottom so i don't think it would be a good idea to leave it on your bathroom sink or where it can get wet.
Bought this for my friend 2 years ago and still looks great.  No tarnishing at all. - Very Nice
Very nice quality. Highly recommend.
Perfect.  As described!
Bought it as a present...doesn't fit a standard Gillette razor
Good weighted base. Holds my semogue boar bristle very well. As well as my merkur long handle razor
"Very nice stand, especially for the price IF you only have one razor and one brush.

 If I was the mfg. I would make this ideal by adding two top additional attachments,  one would be a 4 piece holder for razors and the other would be a four piece holder for brushes."
Classy product.  Works as described.  Has organized and polished the look of a corner of my bath.
A good purchase. It is well worth the price. Looks good on my sink
Very sturdy and holds my Vikings products.
These are pretty and solid.  I was slightly disappointed that they weren't the same and of the same quality as the ones I got from Reed and Barton for my wedding 28 years ago... but they also are much less expensive.  A solid buy for the price.
Just as described. Seems to be good quality. Has some weight to it. Shipping was very fast.
"I may put a larger base on this, it's a little tippy. I use it all the time and like it though."
"I have decide to rotate brushes.  The first stand was sturdy and unobtrusive, I bought another."
Love this simple stand goes well with my badger brush and Merkur safety razor.
"This stand looks good and works good. I would give 5 stars but it did not accommodate my brush without distorting the metal ring at the base of the bristles, however the brush goes in and I am happy."
great little stand.
Good product - meets the needs.
Its the right size for the right product.  Its well made with sturdy stainless steel material.  No regrets!
This stand fits my razer handle and brush perfectly and was shipped super fast.
Has a good weight so it isn't tippy.
My husband loves it!!!!
"Came fast, and all ready put together excellent price. ...very satisfied"
Very nice razor stand. It is not rusting and has been a great addition to my shaving gear.
Looks exactly the same as the $200+ one they sell at the art of shaving.  Even the engraving matches my Muhle R89.
Works great. Just what I needed
"Beautiful!
It's nice to find old fashioned quality and this is it. The fit and finish is excellent, it's heavy enough it's completely stable. I'm enjoying it every day."
Arrived as described. Fits my Simpson 90mm brush and Edwin Jagger razor perfectly.
Sturdy stand that is practical and holds your shaving brush properly so it can dry out between use.  Well made and functional.
Nice stand at a reasonable price. Good quality.
"Looks very good, sturdy. Nice  as a gift, neatly packed."
"It's a nice stand. Well built and good foundation. But does not fit the ""Art of Shaving"" badger brushes."
"This is a well made nice stand but when you search for ""Mach 3 Razor Stand"" on Amazon this is the first result... the problem is if you try to put a Mach 3 razor on it it falls right off and there's no way to get it to stay on.  So if you're looking for a something to hold your cartridge razor this may not work depending on how its shaped."
"Fantastic for the brush, does not work with standard Gillette razor.  The prongs are too narrow to catch the blade tip on the razor.  The handle has a taper that is an odd shape and twists out of the prongs. This is an otherwise well made unit.  Wish it had wider prongs for regular razors!"
"Very nice razor and brush stand. It does have a good amount of weight in the base to keep it from tipping over easily. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase."
Rite height and it doesnt tip over!
Great item simpke good quality
Very nice. Fit my razor well. Very sturdy design.
"The stand is very attractive and stable. The product picture showed the shaving brush held at the handle, but the synthetic brush I bought had a larger handle...so I hang it where the knot meets the handle. This works just fine. I am very pleased with this stand."
Feels weighty and durable! I took a star off due to my brush not being able to fit the holder. I'll probably keep it for my next brush.
"Great, well built stand. Holds brush and razor perfectly."
"I got this for my husband and he says, while is didn't fit around his Razorock Plissoft brush handle, it fit around the bristles. It also has a heavy base and looks nice."
Size is great and holds my custom Mach 3 razor handle perfectly. The shaving brush side of this stand is a bit snug for my brush hanging it by the handle but if you place the brush handle above the fork you can easily place and remove the brush with one hand. Overall Im very pleased with this stand and would highly recommend it.
"Holds my safety razor and brush neatly and allows for optimal drying. It's not necessarily a ""must have"" but I like having my counter organized and this definitely serves its purpose."
Somewhat disappointed the stand did not fit the brush I have.  Seems to need something of a specific type of brush to set in the cradle right.  It's a good product aside from this though.  Was able to switch my travelling and home brush and make it work.
Easy to use.
This shaving brush stand is sturdier than I expected and looks great.  I expect this will last me a very long time
This makes organizing your shaving kit a lot easier and provides fast access to your brush and razor when you are going to shave. It looks great as well.
Good product
Get this for your safety razor. You do shave using a safety razor right?
Absolutely wonderful item!  I've been using this razor stand for just over a month and it makes it easy to stay organized. Very easy to maintain as well.
cheap. does what i need it to do. purchased this with my Perfecto badger brush and Edwin Jagger. seems pretty universal. does not lean at all. water spots on the metal sort of bother me but that's just how chrome is i think. i worry the bottom might get really wet on the felt but we'll see.
Great quality
Had to return. It didn't fit the harrys razor. Great quality though.
"Nicely made, does job perfectly, and looks great.

Received package on time.

Jim"
Looks great and holds my safety razor perfectly
I bought this for my boyfriend and he said it was the perfect size for his razor. It's a great value and looks so much better than his plastic one did!
Perfect for my bathroom counter and keeping things neat. Great product!
Heavy weight and high quality! Excellent buy!
Looks good. Feels solid.
Looks great.
"Its a nice little thing I bought for myself. It is stainless steel looks nice and easily holds the shaving brush. It is short for my razor Gilette five series to be placed into the small slot.
I like it and would recommend it to other people."
"Solid, stable, and attractive.  Holds the brush and razor as advertised.  The heavy base makes it stable in the cabinet with the brush and razor in it.  Happy purchase."
everything was perfect !!!
Good product.
"Nice and clean look. Doesn't really fit a shaving brush when you try to hang it from the bottom of the handle. I have to hang my brush kind of above the handle where the hair of the brush meets the handle. Wasn't really expecting it to be too narrow, so maybe measure the diameter of your brush handle if you are looking to hand your brush by it's base.

Pro: Pretty clean design.
Con: Size of openings are a little off in my opinion."
Well made. Looks perfect in my bathroom and the razor and brush fit perfect.
as expected
Very well crafted and aesthetically pleasing product.  Very satisfied customer
"Nice weight, looks great!!  Would recommend to anyone.  "
Really ties the bathroom together.
Sturdy stand that holds my Mercur 34c and Perfecto brush. Does not take up any unnecessary room and looks very clean and neat. I am very satisfied with this stand.
It worked very well
Bought this for my husband after doing a lot of research on different brands.  It is really a beautiful stand (better than in the picture) - he loves it!
Very well built product  -  Use & enjoy it every day.
I bought this as a gift for my husband. I got the perfecto shaving brush which obviously fits perfectly. On the other side he puts his Gillette Mach 3 razor and it fits well. It looks great on our counter.
"Great price for a great product! Solid design with no wobble, and it looks great. I would definitely buy Perfecto again."
Good quality and looks nice.
Love!
doesn't fit standard brush or razor
It's fine. Wanted to order a replacement for the brush holder part as it was discarded by error. Was told they don't stock any replacement parts.
Perfect just what I needed
make my countertop a little neater.
This razor and brush stand is made very sturdy.  The base is very heavy and it doesn't move when I hang my razor and brush on the stand.  I would recommend this stand to anyone who wants their brush to dry out between shaves and wants their brush to maintain its shape.
I purchased this product as a gift. The product is as described and a good quality.
It does not take up much space on the counter and its construction is solid. There is ample room for both the brush and razor. It is a much bettter Buy than similar products I looked at that were much more expensive
"Very nice product price worthy very solid metal and well detailed, arrived just when was told, customer always notified me about the delivery and kept me informed."
A sturdy stand that looks good as well.
"Does what it needs to do, good weight for the purpose, I'm happy!"
"Good quality. However, does not accommodate a Omega Shaving Brush (#10048 Boar Bristle Aka the PRO 48). The opening is only wide enough to rest the brush not from the handle (desirable) but from the top of the bristles (i.e., bottom of handle)."
"Very well made, aesthetically appealing and very handy for storing my Razor and brush."
Functional and looks great.
Beautiful product!  Really amps up the fancy factor on my bathroom counter.
Functional & beautiful - a perfect compliment to my razor & brush. Several people have admired this piece.
It is great for holding my safety razor.
Brush opening too narrow. I recommend finding a brush holder with a 30mm opening.
Excellent stand for the money.  Already came pre assembled
Very nice.
"Very good quality, beautiful finish. I would buy another for a gift if needed."
"My husband loves this stand, for his shaving brush!"
Excellent stand! Exactly what I was looking for.
"Great product, great price. Exactly as described."
I bought this for my husband and he loves it. He likes how sturdy and masculine it is and that it holds his shaving brush so well.
Dad loves it!
Great razor and brush stand. Sturdy and nice looking. Perfect addition to my bathroom counter.
Very nice stand for a new to the safety razor setup
This would probably be an amazing stand but be very aware of the size of your brush handle. The ones you get at The Art of Dhaving store do not fit.
The perfect way to hold the shaving brush and razor.
"Good sturdy stand, very happy with it. Looks great."
"Received in good condition. Not loose, ready for instant use. Works well with my razor and brush."
I have had it a couple of weeks and works fine but time will tell if there are any rust problems.
Help me a lot very great
Works perfectly seems it could fit any brush or razor.
My shving brush was too large in diameter.  Tried to open the jaws a little. It broke. My fault but check your brush size before ordering.
"very nice quality, but not tall enough for my brush"
Nice product. Heavy and gets the job done.
Works like it should. Pretty cool.
This is a great stand for the money.
Perfect stand for razor & brush!
"The stand arrived on time and undamaged. I was deligted with the fit, finish and overall quality of the piece. The weighted base adds stability, and the bright chrome matches my premium safety razor. I recommend without reservation."
"good quality, worth the price"
"Good solid stand, for the money great value."
"Very convenient stand for my shaving bush and safety razor.

Pros:
Helps shaving brush keep its shape while drying
Easy to use / works for most shaving brushes and safety razors

Cons:
It can be a little bulky for travel, so I usually don't take it with me on short trips."
Happy with my purchase
Does exactly what I need it to do: holds my razor and my shaving brush. Can't beat it for the price.
"It looks nice, does the job.  Weighty base makes it stable.  The knurling on the main rod matches the Merkur razor nicely."
Excellent piece and solidly built. Looks fantastic on my sink next to my face bowl. Totally purchase this item if you have an old school shaving kit... this completes it.
slick
"A decent product, however the end that holds the brush was not wide enough for mine. I have to really force the brush onto the holder for it to stay"
Love it! Holds my Razor and Brush perfectly and looks nice and well organized.
Tongs are too narrow for my shaving brush
I love this little stand. It was a beautiful minimalist chrome design that perfectly holds my Viking Chieftain safety razor and brush. Its footprint on my counter top is small and I really like that my razor and brush are able to air dry rather than getting stuck into a drawer where they have a tendency to get gross.
Stand performs perfectly. I use it to hold two different razors. A Shick Hydro and a Bic disposable.
"Great stand, can be used with long handle razors without problems"
"Very attentive customer service. Initial quality is very nice. Avoid long term water exposure, don't leave it in the shower, otherwise very nice."
"It's very compact, nice looking and functional. It fits very nicely on my 'shaving shelf' in the bathroom. I take it down for shaving, set it on the edge of the sink, and put it back up there when done. It's a good choice for holding your brush and razor."
"Well made, holds a badger brush and safety razor with no problem. Made of stainless steel so no fear of rusting. It is heavy and harder to knock over. The base is solid and heavy with a rubber foot keeping it planted in place. It would be a simple thing, but I had made the mistake of getting a cheap one first, so I learned my lesson early on. That said, it isn't an expensive item, so you get a lot of value for you money."
"This is a beautiful stand!  It has weight to it so it is not wobbly!

Actually, it looks elegant in our bathroom.  Very pleased."
"Fits my Parker Badger Bristle Shaving Brush and Merkur long and standard handled razors perfectly. Looks and feels nice, has some heft and feels quality."
"The razor and brush stand is beautiful. It's well-crafted with a sleek, contemporary, masculine look."
It was a great add-on for my husband
"This is a Rolls-Royce kind of razor stand!  It probably weighs half a pound, no kidding.  I can't imagine this stand ever tipping over unless some kind of a natural disaster is in process at the time.  The brush that I have fits perfectly into the stand, which is notable, because it did not fit into another stand I had (it was too long).  This stand, however, is probably at least 6 inches tall, so it's going to be hard to find something that does not fit.

I do have one gripe, but it's minor.  The slant-bar razor I use flops around a bit, because the stand expects a straight-bar razor.  I can't really fault the stand there, though.  Overall, this exceeds the expectations that I had, particularly for the money!"
"Superb. Every thing about this is top notch. Very hard to believe it's from China. Base is heavy, top piece (holder) is thick steel, at least 3/16'' or better. Post and acorn knob are nicely knurled. The chrome is excellent. Rubber pad under base keeps it in place, and prevents scratches on your nice vanity top. Will not tip over, very stable when loaded with my Parker Variant and brush.  Unbelievable value vs cost ratio. Look no further."
"The stand works very well and it also looks great, much nicer than the cheesey plastic one I had previously. No complaints"
Works well and looks great.
Very sturdy
"Heavy, sturdy. Good quality."
Very sturdy and holds the razor and brush nicely.
Works as described. Doesn't fit my two razors very well.  They rest right on their head.
Matches perfectly with the Gentleman Jon shaving kit!
Excellent build quality.  Fits every single item my small assortment of shaving brushes and safety razors.  Highly recommended.
"Great Product! It's well made, durable, and looks good.  Would definitely recommend to anyone.  Product was delivered on time, packaged well, and friendly email sent thanking me for purchasing.  Extremely happy with the purchase!"
Its a metal stand. It's priced right. What can go wrong?
A compact yet attractive means of storing my shave brush and my razor with no clutter. A really nice addition to my shaving needs.
looks great has a good weight to it is working well with my new razor
OK...poor quality...much better brands out there for the price...
its shinny and it holds my razor.
My husband soo happy to have them
"Strudy, stable & looks good."
"Does what it is supposed to do and looks good. The old style razors fit better on it, but this is due to the design of the razor, not the stand.
When you receive the stand, it may be wobbly. There is a piece of paper explaining how to tighten it. My paper fell to the floor so I almost returned it."
Works like a charm!
This is exactly what I was looking for.  It holds the brush by the very butt end so I do not crush the hair fibers when putting it on or taking it off the stand like other models.  It holds my DE razor well.  The stand is heavy enough so that it is stable on my bathroom counter.  I've been using this for over a month and it has never fallen over or wobbled.  So far the finish has worn well in a humid bathroom.  I recommend this product.
Exactly as described. Elegant when pared with a decent razor. Looks great in a modern everyday use bathroom or even a rustic cabin setting.
It gets the Job done. It came with the bottom semi screwed to the point it was going to fall off. I just tightened it back up and was sturdy again. It sits on my sink an I have no rusting. It holds my shaving brush and stainless steel razor just fine.
looks very sharp and is surprisingly very well built it does what it is intended to do and keeps my girlfriend from complaining about me leaving my razor out. I have owned this stand for about 2 weeks and always enjoy seeing it. would definitely buy again
Looks great and the quality is good also. Would recommend.
The product looks great on my bathroom counter.  It does the job intended.  The item arrived in good condition.
Holds my razor and brush perfectly. The stand was already assembled when i took it out of the box. Thank you for that.
"Shiny, looks just like picture. Falls over quite frequently though"
"Sturdy, heavy, and does the job."
"This stand is very rugged feeling!  Looks incredible, and holds my brush and razor.  Adds a lot of class to my vanity."
"Just right for keeping your fines brushes fine and holds a razor, too.  All with very little counter space!"
OK
"nice sturdy stand , safty razor fits well."
"Looks nice, brush holds on well but not the shaver. Husband uses Gillette"
"looks great, solid construction"
"I bought this to replace an old razor stand that was starting to rust due to a sub par chrome job.  For the price,  I wasn't expecting a whole lot for this stand, however, I was pleasantly surprise once I opened the box. The stand is very robust, evenly chromed, and it has a nice neoprene padding on the bottom.  Build quality is excellent."
"I have been looking for something like this for a long time, I just didn't know that I really wanted it.....I had seen a lot of them over the years, but, this is something that looks more like the one my Grampa Frank used......The packaging, and the product are in perfect order....Thank you!!!!"
Works great. Thank you for your business.
"This stand is nicely weighted to hold both your razor and brush nice and stable on your countertop.  It's simplicity and build quality make it a good value, in my opinion.  Highly recommended."
Husband loves this
"l was surprised by the quality of the finish and the weight when I received this, I would prefer the padding under the base to be made out of rubber instead of foam so it would be more durable and wouldn't absorb water, but I can't ask for too much at this price."
"The razor and brush stand are exactly what I wanted.  It is solid, has good weight and nicely holds my razor and brush.  I did try a disposable travel razor and that didn't work so well, but for my everyday razor it looks great and works well.

I would buy this again."
The stand is well made. My Parker brush and Merkur long handle razor fit perfectly.
very heavy so it stays put. seems like it will last
I have a razor from Harry's that I wanted to use the stand for.  It just doesn't fit well; I have to have it just right to fit.  In hindsight I should have dug deeper and just gone with a box style holder.
Well made and sturdy. Good value.
Excellent. Can't be happier
The stand is beautiful and sturdy.  It came at a great value and in a reasonable amount of time.  Love it.
Great little razor and brush stand. Good quality. Easily assembled. Breaks down to fit in small toiletry bag for travel.  I rest my brush and disposable Sensor3 razor in it.
Just what I expected!
Don't waste your money on this pos.  The stem won't screw into the base.  Very wobbly.
"I bought this terrific chrome razor and brush stand for my teenage grandson and he loves it. It's weighted at the base for stability, fits the pure badger brush ( also purchased from this company ), looks sharp on his counter and keeps his shaving products mildew free and at-the-ready. Don't hesitate to buy!"
Does not hold razor effectively... slips off.  Does hold brush well.
Great stand with a reasonable price.
Very nice design. Works well and is stable.
Works just as intended
"So far so good. My brush and razor fit fine. Can't complain.

A nice chrome finish, looks clean.

Can't beat the price!"
Looks very nice and functions as promised.
Sturdy and looks great on my bathroom countertop.
"Well made, sturdy stand. No complaints and love the look."
"It's nice and well made, just be aware that it will not fit the Gillette handles (at least not the flexball type), although you can sort of get it in there sideways.  Gave it 4 stars because it is well made, but disappointed it doesn't accommodate the best selling handle in the country."
Perfect - kept in my bathroom and not a hint of rust or tarnishing. Holds razor and brush perfectly. Highly recommended.
"This is a very durable and we'll made stand. It has a slip resistance bottom. Does not slide easy on the vanity topp. Nice polished chrome and heavy feeling. This was money well spent, and it's priced good."
"I was pleasantly surprised with the quality.  I'm only using it to hold a Merkur razor right now, but it stands up just fine even without the brush."
This is an inexpensive but very functional holder. Takes up very little space and is a heavy and well made item. Serves me well. I use the Perfecto Badger brush and Merkur 34C with it.
"Sturdy stand and it looks nice in the bathroom. The Gillette razor I have been using doesn't fit very well, as it slides out easily."
"As soon as I started using it, I forgot about it. Made right, no issues."
I give it a five star reviews because it's exactly what they promised. Looks nice and fits my set. I didn't have any  problem with it being lose like I saw in some other reviews.
Fast shipping. Great product and has lasted.
The stand is modern looking. It fits my shaving brush and razor perfectly. It eliminates my old clutter:  It's good value for your money.
"This stand is well made and attractive.  However, I use it with a Gillette Fusion cartridge razor and while I can get the razor to stay in, it is tricky and sometimes slips out."
Works awesome.
"Great stand, fast shipping, works great with my Viking Chieftain razor and Perfecto brush."
Would be better if it held my badger brush better. My brush falls off it easily.
Great !!!
Very nicely made! Real weight to it and it is very well balanced.
Was as expected.
does the job
"This stand is excellent!  It is sturdy, properly weighted, and does not wobble.  The chrome plating and the fit of all component parts are high quality.  The stand is tall enough to accommodate my antique brush, which has longer bristles than newer models, and easily works with a long-handled razor.  This is exactly what I was looking for in every respect.  Thanks for a great product at a fair price!"
"Very sturdy, I love the look. Their razor fits nicely into it. It may only fit the bristle brushes that they sell.  I had another brush from a different company and it doesn't fit."
very sturdy and looks fantastic on the counter.
Amazing! Classic elegant looking great price very happy with purchase!
"After using the cheap plastic versions, I finally broke down and bought one, then immediately bought a second one for my son."
Well made and just what I needed to keep my shaving gear organized.
Got this for my husband and it looks pretty fancy and sturdy
Arrived and performs as presented. Not unattractive and well made sink top storage for my Merkur and badger
"This stand is very well constructed and should last for a very long time. Hanging the brush bristles down is so important to maintaining the brush that everyone that uses a brush and shaving soap should have a stand. If you need a stand, this stand is an excellent choice and value."
"The Perfecto Deluxe Chrome Razor & Brush stand is a must have for anyone who prefers a wet shave. This beautifully chromed, solidly constructed unit has  perfectly fashioned prongs to support and display any double edged razor and shaving brush, along with an appealing knurled center post and a weighted base.
For me, this is THE razor/brush stand to have. No nonsense, visually appealing, functional and well made, all at a great price.
Mine came from Pop! Shop through Amazon and rapid delivery & courteous follow up made the experience a pleasure."
Quality and stylish product. Keeps my shaving tools organize and dry.
Boyfriend says it's good!
Just what I needed.
nice stand. works well and looks good
Great item and transaction!
Looks and works very good and would recommend to others who need
"I recently purchased this stand along with my very first safety razor and badger brush. The item matches the display photos and description very closely. I was impressed with the overall quality of materials used and the appearance of the stand. If you have a chrome plated style safety razor, this stand is a great compliment to the finish of your razor."
"I've been reaching in a drawer for my double edge razor for years, occasionally cutting myself by grabbing the blade side.  Two weeks ago was the last time, I ordered the stand and my index finger is healing just fine, I must say.. The brush hanger side is a bonus."
Great so far!
Great deal on a great product!
Very nice quality and matches perfectly with my Merkur 34C razor.
"Really like this stand.  My only criticism, and reason I give it 4 stars, is that in spite of all the reviews that said Harry's razors would fit, it is only a half truth.  The razor dose indeed ""fit,"" but the fit is tight and only at one narrow spot well below the blade.  Further, when I take the razor off the stand I must hold the stand with one hand and pull the razor out with the other.  My Tweezerman brush fits wonderfully, and truthfully the tight razor fit is a minor irritant.  Other than that the stand is very well made and looks good on my counter."
"This stand is great, it has weight to it and there is no wiggling to the stand when you're moving it."
"Works and good, accidentally ordered two and glad I did as one was broken."
"I really cannot complain with this product. I needed a stand, and this worked out great with what I have. Looks good in my medicine cabinet :)"
Great quality for the price.
"Absolutely fits the bill, keeps my razor and brush stable, secure and avoids mess. What else could I want?"
Nice stand. Arrived in good condition. My wife still won't let me leave on the counter
"Excellent stand, classy and simple. Great vendor!"
"Came fully assembled. Fits my Merkur razor perfectly, and my Art of Shaving brush also fits, although I have to slide it in right where the quills meet the handle instead of at the bottom of the handle like shown in the picture. This hasn't been a problem so far. I was a little worried that the brush wouldn't fit at all being a different brand than the stand, so I'm glad it does. The stand looks sharp and clean, and feels solidly made."
"It functions like it should.
And it looks nice.
And it seems like it was made well.
And it matches my razor."
"Good universal fit for a safety razor and brush. Unexpected bonus that the pattern matched up with my razor very well, also. Nice way to store the shaving essentials."
"Rusted out pretty quickly.  The opening for the razor was also too narrow.  Looked nice when new, though."
Well made and sturdy. I bought this over a year ago when I first got into the safety razor and brush game. It is extremely useful to hold and and dry your shaving brush to keep bacteria and mold to grow. It has a nice clean chrome finish and is very durable- not cheaply made. Good for the price.
"Fits my brush and razor perfect, love it so far."
Great product.  Good price.  No complaints.
"love this stand, however my gillette razor with the swivel ball just about fits."
"What a great item, I wish I would have bought this earlier!  I would recommend this to everyone!"
"Very sturdy, holds my brush and razor perfectly."
I bought this stand to clear up clutter on my vanity. It's heavy enough to be stable and does what it's supposed to.
Perfect for holding my Viking razor.
Love it! It has a beautiful high chromed finish and is excellent quality. It sits solidly on the counter and my brush and razor fit perfectly. I definitely recommend this product.
"This was a gift for my husband.  So far he likes the brush and holder.  As described in an email from the company, the brush did lose some hairs in the beginning but that has subsided.  I feel it was a good purchase."
"I bought this stand, a shaving cup, and a brush for my son-in-law for Fathers' Day.  He was absolutely thrilled with the gift.  He informed me that the past few brushes have broken, and he thinks that he'll be able to safeguard the new brush by hanging it on the stand (he's never had a stand before.)  He is SO-O DIFFICULT to buy gifts for.  I was grateful that my daughter alerted me that he needed a new shaving set."
Feels very solid. Good quality
"This thing is a piece of junk.  The rubber bottom, while it helps to keep the unit from sliding around, has the added caveat of remaining wet for a long period of time after a shave.  How do you dry it?  I don't know.  Perhaps by turning it on its side until it air dries.  In  the meantime, what then to do with one's razor and, more importantly, one's shaving brush which must be stored with the bristles facing downward so the knot does not get ruined from getting soaked?  Also, this unit is rather tall, so it will not easily fit into a cabinet recess or on a cabinet shelf.  I guess the unit is okay as long as you can leave it out, but I would still recommend placing it on  a dry paper towel after shaving to prevent mildew from forming and, worse, spreading.  Legionnaire's, anyone?"
Excelent!
Great quality stand and it work just fine. Just purchase my second one for my brother and he like it .
Very sturdy and easy to assemble.  Brush and razor fit perfect.
This is an ideal stand for the SUPERIOR Perfecto Shave Brush and my Merkur razor.
"I ordered the Perfecto Deluxe Chrome Razor/Brush stand along with the  ""Parker Safety Razor SYNTHETIC Bristle Shaving Brush with Blue Wood Handle"" as shown in the ""Frequently bought together"" section on Amazon.  Pay close attention to what the ordering instructions say.  Don't order the stand before you measure the brush.  The brush is not a good fit with this stand.  It can work but the brush tilts sideways. I believed the frequently bought together claim thinking it would provide a good fit with the brush.  It fits fine with my razor.  I may be sending the stand back to Amazon.  Otherwise the stand is all that is promised.  The brush I am keeping!"
"Love it! Looks great on my bathroom sink. Level, sturdy, well-made. Perfect fit in finish and style for my Merkur 34C."
A necessary fixture for the DE shave enthusiast. My brush and razor look very tidy in this piece. It is also small enough to fit on the bottom shelf on my bathroom mirror cabinet. A+
Heavy duty and feels like it should cost twice as much.
This is a terrific product. I enjoy having a holder for my shaving brush and for my razor. I have different types of razors and they all fit in the slot. Well built. Sturdy.
Super sturdy! Holds my brush and Harry's stainless handle razor perfectly.
"Nice combo. Base doesn't rattle or tilt. I like that I can keep my brush to air dry suspended on the rack. I'm not quite sure, though, if I want to hang my razor on the rack or keep it in a coffee mug with a little Swan mineral oil just to keep the blades sharper and reduce oxidization. My other concern with using the rack to hang a razor is that if you leave the razor blade inside, someone could inadvertently swipe their hand and cut themselves on the razor.

In any event, this rack does the job and doesn't take up too much space. Recommended."
Has a very solid base and securely holds my safety razor blade. Plus the chrome finish looks cool!
"This is a beautiful and very sturdy stand. The one that came with my husband's razor broke, and he only had it since Christmas! I highly recommend this item."
"I ordered this to protect the brush only.  Due to limited space on the counter top my husband elected to place the stand in the mug after shaving and hung the brush on it.  I must admit it looks classy with the brush hanging in the mug.  The stand, being chrome, is of good quality and for that I thank you."
"I got this stand to hold my DE and shave brush.  Great and attractive stand.  Look much nicer than just leaving my razor and brush on my counter.
Also turns out that hanging your shaving brush is the best way to dry."
"Quality finish, heavy and long enough for a Merkur 23C"
Great stand it does the job at a low price point.
"This stand is solid and heavy. Works great. I do wish it had a bowl under the brush, but all the stands with the bowl on the bottom weren't as heavy or solid as this one. However, after months of using it, there aren't any water spots under where the brush hangs, so it really doesn't drip anyway."
"Exactly what I needed, this thing is but to last, PERFECTO!"
Works great and as described. Perfect for standard brush and razor. Essential for any gentleman.
"After ten months the chrome began to flake off from pole.  Just sat in my shower, no odd uses to cause the flaking.  Other than that, has worked well."
Works as intended and fits in almost any space. Has kept my brush's shape and kept both my brush and razor clean.
Received this last week. Appears to be well constructed and performs well as stated. Look forward to may years of use with this product.
Arrived broken. Poor quality. Disappointed.
I use this to hold my Viking razor and Edwin Jagger brush.  The chrome finish looks great and has a nice weight to it.  It helps keep my bathroom counter looking organized and sophisticated without breaking the bank.
"Well, I've only had the product for a few days but from what I can tell in this short period of time, I'm very happy with the stand. It is made of top quality materials. I like the rubber material on the base. It stays in place on my sink."
I bought it for my husband as a present and he LOVES it!!! It looks really sophisticated and it's practical. He is really thankful.
"Product stand is very eye catching only problem I find is that the brush side opening is little too small and cannot hold my old brush.
It would be more useful if the edges were slightly raised so it will hold the razor in place without sliding out."
My boyfriend loves this stand. It's very cute and holds his razor well.  I'm very happy with this purchase!
"Great item, if you don't want your brush and razor moving around and picking up bacteria in flat surfaces.
Things look organized.

Armando"
"Dry brush, Dry razor. Nice design, solid construction. Perfect stand!"
"Excellent quality, at fair price!  Fast shipping"
I returned this item as the vertical component was loose on the base causing it to wobble and not sit vertical.
Perfect
great quality and build
Not Happy:( Product arrived today but seems very poor quality to me. Hope that after I use it I will be happier
Hubby uses it every day!
Holds his straight razor and brush nicely and looks really nice on the counter.
Looks very good and functions very well.
sleek looking!
After going to The Art of Shaving and seeing that these razor stands cost about $100 I decided to give this one a try based on Amazon reviews. I was specifically looking for a stand that would hold my Bevel Razor and Shaving Brush. It holds it perfectly and looks great. Best $16 or so bucks I've ever spent.
Great size. Holds shave brush well. Razor holder won't hold a Mach 3 razor which is a bummer.
"Super solid stand, very well built and fits my razor and brush perfectly. Definitely recommend!"
Attractive addition to the vanity.  Heavy metal with highly polished chrome finish.  Securely holds the shaving brush and razor.  Great item from a great seller!
The build quality of this product is excellent for the price. Highly recommended!
"Good stand, no rusting or issues after a couple years.  Does not fit one of my brushes  but I suppose there are different sizes out there.  Fit & finish is great so far though"
I bought it for my husband.  It's very attractive in our remodeled bathroom.  He likes how it keeps the brush handy without making his side cluttered.
This stand feels very strong and I'm hoping I will have a long shaving life with this stand. I would recommend this stand to a friend.
"I bought the 1st one and it did what it fit my badger brush perfectly.  Did it sing to me while I was shaving or turn on a lite everytime I went into the bathroom - absolutely not.  Was I disappointed because it didn't have all those extra bells and whistles - not a chance.  I ordered a brush and razor stand and that's I got.  The fact it was delivered in a timely manner, is a quality product is the plus I was looking for and got.  Now read the title of this review."
"This is a nice, high quality razor and brush holder.  It looks good and has a nice balance to the weighted base."
"Works great for holding a normal size brush and razor! Been looking for quite awhile, and am glad I went with this one. Thanks!"
This is a sturdy neat stand.  It looks nice.  This is the 1st stand of its kind that I have purchased and it appears that it will last a very long time.
Love it. Compliments my razor and brush perfectly. Highly recommended. Not sure what more to tell you except buy it.
The heavy stand provides stability.  The simple design saves space on the sink top.  It is very stylish and easy to clean
This stand is as advertised -- it seems sturdy and looks good. It's nice to have a proper stand for my razor and brush.
"Looks great. It is very stable to hold the rezors. I would recommend this product to all.

I will update later after using a few months."
Good product- Fast Shipping. Came well packaged with no issues- instructions sent via email for the shaver if you have not used this type of razor.
liked it but did not fit the razor
"This is a quality stand with a really sturdy, non slip base. It fits my traditional safety razor and art of shaving brush."
My dad loved the gift.  thank you
"I needed something to hold my double edge razor and brush.  It had to be simple and entirely functional.  This stand fits the bill perfectly.  It is exactly what I had in mind.  Price is right, too."
"A beautiful and sturdy stand. Solid, well put together. I'm very happy with my purchase, and look forward to.using it for decades to come."
The stand looks better in person than the picture. It is a nice addition to my sink top along with a Parker chrome handled brush and Jagger razor.
"Just what I was looking for. Simple, well made and there is a slight upturn at the end of each hook that keeps your razor and brush in place."
Does what you want it ti do.
you can't go wrong with this stand. Pretty good quality.
Works great
Not much to say here. The stand came in the mail partially disassembled but it was easy to set up. Fit my brush and safety razor perfectly.
"I like it, but in reality its ok, you get what you pay for, It falls apart kinda easy at the base and needs to be re tighten very very often, I found it more for aesthetics, used it for about a month, but put it away, and didn't miss it when it was gone. Overall if you NEED one I would still recommend"
"Great quality and very sturdy.  I'm using it with a brush and Gillette Fusion razor which has to sit a little bit high in the stand, but whatever it works and looks sharp"
"Chrome plated to be water resistant, fits most double edge razors and brushes,with a sturdy build that can be disassembled for storage."
"Excellent Chrome stand. Very high quality, very nice price! Very pleased with this purchase!!"
"Beautifully crafted, very elegant stand that holds up! So happy with my purchase!"
Very well built and sturdy.  Look nice on the bathroom counter as well.
Very nice! Solid material. Outstanding customer service!
"This is a good product, although my Perfecto safety razor tends to fall off easily if I pick up the stand to move it to the vanity when I'm about to shave."
"Does the job, nothing spectacular.  Its the same stand that is sold under many names, but the price is better."
delivered on time and am very pleased with it. Thank you.
Works great
Fits Viking Chieftain and Viking Brush perfectly.
"I am using the unit with a badger hair brush and a Merkur razor. Both fit nicely. Unit came packed well, free of any defects or shipping damage. Seller was responsive and friendly. The chrome does not look cheap and the unit is rather heavy and appears that it will hold up for many years of use. Very happy with product and seller and would recommend both to anyone."
Great addition to the shaving arsenal!
"Holds my brush and my de razor, what more could I ask for."
Its perfect for my husbands existing razor and the badger brush I bought him
It came loose.  It holds the razar and brush but wiggly.
This is the best invention ever. Wouldn't be without it.
"Quite a decent stand indeed. It does everything that I need to hold a brushes and a variety of safety razors. I like products that come as advertised, that you can put to good use and don't have to fiddle with to get them to do what you bought them for. This is just that sort of simple, solid stand."
Well made and compact enough to fit in the medicine chest
in the answered questions it said it would fit my razor but it didnt. i have the Merkur Long Handled Safety Razor (MK 23C) so don't buy this stand if you have that razor. otherwise its sturdy and clean and would be a good stand
Seems high quality and gets the job done! Also matches perfectly with my Merkur DE razor. The brush holder is a little on the small side (I kind of have to jam the brush into it).
Great stand. I've had it for a few months now and it still looks new with no signs of rust.
No surprise....will look better with a mug brush
Excellent stand for my razor and brush...nice finish!  I love it!
"I have a Merkur Futur safety razor, and although the handle is too thick to hold the razor as intended, the narrow part of the handle fits just fine."
perfect with razor and brush
Item was as described
"Solid, nicely chromed stand.  Great value for the price."
Looks and feels sturdy and built to last. Does not wobble at all. Rubber on base means it won't scratch my counter
For having a place to keep my blade and cream brush it's perfect
"Perfecto Deluxe Chrome Razor and Brush Stand works great, I am able to keep my razor and brush off the sink counter, easier to keep brush clean and free of germs, allows brush to air dry, rather than sitting on wet counter. My razor has a clean surface to rest on. This is a great product, manufactured extremely well. The stand is easy to disassemble/reassemble for cleaning. Overall a great product and completes my set. All of these products I have purchased was a grand slam! Very satisfied with the company and their fine products. Highly recommend!!

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Perfecto-Deluxe-Chrome-Razor-and-Brush-Stand-The-Best-Safety-Razor-Stand-This-Will-Prolong-The-Life-Of-Your-Shaving-Brush/dp/B00KO46CTA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Perfecto Deluxe Chrome Razor and Brush Stand - The Best Safety Razor Stand. This Will Prolong The Life Of Your Shaving Brush.</a>"
"I didn't know if I'd like this or not but because of the good press about it, I decided to try it.  I'm a senior so the photo of a child's feet on it was a bit intimidating but I stuck to my determination to buy it and am so glad I did.  It has a permanent home in my master bathroom and I use it daily.  You can believe what they say about it.  It puts your body in the correct position for doing the best at what you do!!  Got it?"
"Nice looking, heavy,  but be careful that you get a brush that fits or can modify your brush handle to fit"
"Beautiful, good quality stand. Bought for my husband as a gift and it has added instant class to our bathroom! Prompt delivery, too!"
Looks nice and holds shaving brush but does not hold razor
Heavy made arrived on time good value.
"Simple, elegant, functional. Buy it."
"good, sturdy stand, perfect"
"The stand is good quality and very nice, however, the side that holds the brush is too big for the 'Starter Kit' sized brush from The Art of Shaving."
the stand works great for brush and razor. looks nice too.
fast ship / very nice
"Fits both my Viking Chieftain and Perfecto pure badger brush, though the Chieftain doesn't sit as firmly in the stand. For the price, can't complain."
I use this with my Beval system. It holds the razor and brush perfect and looks great on the bathroom counter! Thanks again for such a great product.
Didn't hold the razor.  Kept falling off.  Not for a Mach 3 handle.
"I wanted to get my razor and brush off the edge of my sink.  This stand is assembled out of the box.  The base is solid and heavy so it's unlikely you'll knock this over, even with the heaviest of brushes or razors."
Super cute and great quality for the price
Excelente producto.
Nice looking stand. The brush holder could be a little wider to fit my larger brushs. Solid built. Make great gift too.
"Received product well packaged. Oddly, the base was loose from the stand and would not hold the razor without flopping over. I removed the non-slip padding from the base and noticed the screw that holds the base to the upright rod was not tightened up. I simply tightened it and replaced the pad. Performs well now and looks great on the sink."
Very masculine
DOES AS EXPECTED. LOOKS GOOD
Unit is not securely fassined to the base had to remove felt to tighten terrible :-(
It's got some heft to it.  It's a quality product.
Fits razor and brush nicely
Item is exactly what was described and works perfectly to hold razor and shave brush. This stand also unscrews so it can travel in two pieces if needed.
"Exactly as described, shipped quickly, and is a great value purchase!"
"This is a solid, well made stand that feels substantial and worth way more than the price they charge for it. It holds my razors without issue and looks really great. I was really surprised by the quality given the price."
I love my double-edged razor but leaving it on the counter was problematic during the midday shave. This nice throwback frees my cramped counter so that nothing plummets during the ritual.
"Aesthetically pleasing, simple construction that fits both my brush and (rather bulky) razor.
